fix(docs): stepper and docs examples not working (#3499) (#3686)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/funny-shrimps-care.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Refactored the stepper component to handle `updateArgs` directly within the `getStepperItem` function, fixing the issue where stepper examples were not independent and resolving unreliable step changes that sometimes caused clicks to be unrecognized or froze the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the issue where stepper examples were not independent and resolved unreliable step changes that sometimes caused clicks to be unrecognized or froze the page.
```

Author: Won't change this, because it's exactly how it was merged to the `main` branch.
